having a healthy nourishing diet is
about more than just counting numbers
and calories in your food it's very much
about enjoying the eating experience and
there's not much I enjoy more than
eating wings I'm Super Bowl Sunday I'm
Danny's fees and for this quick bite I'm
showing you how to make my clean and
delicious baked buffalo wings now the
first thing I did was set up a rimmed
baking sheet by covering it with
aluminum foil and then topping it with a
wire wrap the aluminum foil just makes
for easy cleanup and the wire rack
allows the heat to circulate around the
wings while they're cooking
so that they don't get soggy then to
prepare the wings I gave them a good
rinse under some cold water then I
patted them nice and dry with some paper
towels and then using a nice sharp knife
I separated the wing and the drum net
right at the joint where they attached
since we're baking our wings instead of
frying them I like to make sure that I
infuse lots of flavors into the wings
themselves and here's how I do that I
start by adding in a tablespoon each of
garlic powder chili powder paprika great
color there a half a teaspoon of kosher
salt and a half a teaspoon of cayenne
pepper now you could add more or less
cayenne pepper depending on how spicy
you like your wings and then a quarter
cup of your favorite buffalo wing sauce
right over the top then you just got to
get your hands in there and mix it
really well you just want to be sure
that all those wings are coated with the
sauce and spices
now you could marinate these anywhere
from 30 minutes up to several hours but
since my babysitter is gonna be back
very soon with my kids I need to wash my
hands and get these in the oven and just
remember whenever the raw chicken
touches you really want to make sure you
give it a really good wash hands sink
cutting board scrub it all down now I've
got my oven preheating at 400 degrees
and I'm just gonna get my wings onto the
sheet that I set up earlier now you can
get them on the rack here nice and close
and cozy but you do want to avoid having
them actually touch because then they
may start to get soggy
nobody wants a soggy wait so
now we're gonna put these in the others
for 20 minutes then I'm gonna take them
out give them all a flip and then pop
them back in and finish it off for
another 20 at the end of the day eating
well it's really all about balance and
that doesn't mean that we need to
balance every single meal that we eat
for instance Super Bowl Sunday I have
full intention of enjoying some wings
and a nice cold beer and all that means
is come Monday I'm gonna have plenty of
water and make sure that I have extra
veggies see the goal here is not to be
crazy it's to eat well feel good and
have some fun our wings are done put a
poem out mmm and as you can see they are
nice and golden-brown and they smell
amazing
now you're gonna notice that baked wings
don't get quite as crispy as fried wings
but I promise you these guys are packed
with flavor once the wings are cool
enough to handle you're just gonna get
them into a nice big bowl and toss them
with another half cup of buffalo sauce
now I like the six of the classics and
serve my wings up with carrot and celery
sticks and of course a little bit of
blue cheese dressing for more simple and
nutritious recipes tips and ideas make
sure you check out clean and delicious
calm I'm Danny's peas and I'll see you
next time with another quick bite hmm
that delicious full flavor spicy juicy
dead-on